All right, so here we go.
Did you figure out a way to make this a little bit more dynamic?
OK, so it's very simple, really, because we have this to here because we want to get multiples of
two.
The number is right in this range, so we can also pass here something like multiple of make this an
int such and then pass here multiple off like this.
That means then here I'm going to go ahead and say three, OK.
And to even make this even better instead of, say, is multiple of two, because this two here is hardcoded
and in this case, we pass three.
So we're looking for multiples of three, not two.
So that makes no sense.
We can also pass here the multiple path.
So we can see here that I type this wrong.
Hover over and I say, rename typo.
It's going to multiple of like this.
That's the one.
And voila!
So it's changed everywhere now.
So this is good.
So now if I run this, you can see it changes accordingly because it says we pass first.
It's going to be 11 to 1000 and multiple of its three.
So the function now here we pass the parameters.
And then when we call the pass arguments, including the multiple of if I change this to multiple of
eleven, for instance, you will notice that no problems this function will run and will automatically
dynamically change its values and go from there.
And there you have it.
So 11 is multiple of level 22 and so forth.
And of course, at this point, we're just passing the U.S. type.
We can pass string.
We can pass volume, can pass any type, really.
But this is just an example.
In fact, what I wanted to do as an exercise is to create another function that will pass not only in
somebody we're going to be passing as parameters will have strings as well.
Go ahead and do that and I'll see you next.